Nurei   : Good evening sister from Teorge what brings you back in comms range?
Alessia : I have bussines in the core worlds
Nurei 	: I am looking for some connections, are there any links between Eotienses' businesses and Sirius coorp you are aware of?
Alessia : Patreus is most definitely connected to Sirius copr unofficially. Too many odd co-incidences
Nurei 	: Well you caught on quickly? And yes too many. possibly even bombings.
Nurei 	: Ever heared of Antonio Bianchi?
Alessia : Antonio... Bianchi? Yes... some silly little girl causing waves from what I heared.
Nurei 	: That will be Sassia... his daughter.
		  Antonio has been seen with Denton Patreus and President Hudson...
Alessia : I have heared a few news reports about her. Do you know her?
Nurei 	: From comms. 
		  And I do follow her adventures. 
		  See what shakes loose. 
		  Some interesting links  starting to come into view. 
		  And ghosts from the past like Octavia. 
		  So I'll keep watching for the mother.
Alessia : Her father is dead though... isn't he?		
Nurei 	: And yes her father is dead, some incident with an Anaconda and a caustic bombings
Alessia : If he was friendly with Patreus and Hudson... he was certainly a double-agent of some kind.
		  I guess he got what was coming to him.
Nurei 	: Likely
		  I will keep investigating Denton for now. 
		  Some things just dosn't add up.
		  Maybe we will speak again.
Alessia : People like him are responsible for a lot of death...
          their sins are many...
		  and the payement for those sins is high. Fly safe in the void.
Nurei 	: May the stars guide your path. Nurei out.

A few minutes later...
		
Nurei  	: Hello Sassia, just ran into someone interesting. 
          Alessia Verdi, see she is close to you... are you ok?
Sassia 	: I am fine... I have seen no one. Who is Alessia?
Nurei   : Good to hear, who she is is a long story...
Sassia  : Not another space pirate I hope!
Nurei	: Not as far as I know
Sassia 	: Everyone in this strange univers of ours seems to have a mysterious past!
Nurei	: Yes that seems to be the nature of it. 
          From my point of view yours and your families is too.
Sassia	: My father seems to have been a liar... with a double or even a triple life I never knew of!
          Me.... I'm boring.... I'm just me...
		  Trying to figure out what happened.
Nurei	: Yes I know you do.
Sassia	: Space is ... not what I thought it was. It's anarchic, dangerous... 
          unfriendly and hostile.... and yet it is filled with people willing to help...
		  so strange!
Nurei 	: Yes it is a strange place, with sometimes strange alliances.
		  And some very dangerous political games as well...
		  Somehow I think you got into the middle of it.
Sassia	: I sometimes wonder if I should just hide...
		  Go home to Tau Ceti...
		  I seem to get into more and more danger the further I investigate...
		  and I am playing with fire!
Nurei	: (Scrambled recording here, something along the line of) 
		  I fear there are no safe places for you at the moment.
Sassia 	: Finding myself onboard a station that was bombed... 
		  I agree!
Nurei	: Whatever happens to you, you trying to find out what happened to you 
          has uncovered quite some leads to investigate myself
Sassia	: I hope it helps.
		  I thought it would simply be a case of finding a few pirates and bringing them to justice...
		  This mess of politics scares me.
Nurei	: Yes it is a mess, and there's still people interested in you because of what you might know...
		  might still carry informatino with you.
Sassia	: I hope we all find out... the truth. 
		  Somehow.
Nurei	: That I'm afraid, if it exists, will take a long long time.
		  I will settle for finding a truth of some sorts for now.
		  Something that will get you out of immediate danger.
Sassia 	: Yes... being hunted by assassins is no fun at all.
		  I have arrived at my destination for tonight. 
		  Take care out there! And fly safe!

(with that comms channel disconnects)

